Write python code to:

1) Read the text in the file named 'source.txt' using Python-Web-Reading tools (Dont download and read :P)

2) Use regex to find number of words, sentences, sum of all the numbers in text

3) Also find the count of each character a-z case insensitive & 0-9

4) Create an excel file dynamically with the following properties: (dont read pre prepared one and edit :P)
  A) Sheet1 must be named as 'Character_Counts'. It should have 36 columns a-z0-9 and under 
     each column must be count of that character in the source

  B) In Sheet1, the character(number of letter both are characters) with highest count 
     (if more than one then all of them) must have bold "column name" i.e. first row value 
     and background of count value must be yellow i.e. second row value

  C) Sheet2 must be named as 'Word_Counts'. It should have column name as 'Words' and the number of words calculated beneath it
     Then in the rows below of the first column in the sheet, write each word per row. Ex: if there are 10 words, there must 10 rows
     each containing one word. Start from 4th row preferrably for neatness

  D) Sheet3 must be named as 'Sentence_Counts'. It should have column name as 'Sentences' and the number of sentencess calculated beneath it
     Then in the rows below of the first column in the sheet, write each sentence per row. Ex: if there are 10 sentencess, there must 10 rows
     each containing one sentence. Start from 4th row preferrably for neatness

  E) Sheet4 must be named as 'Calculations'. It should have column name as 'Sum' and the sum of numbers calculated beneath it
     Then in the rows below of the first column in the sheet, write each number per row. Ex: if there are 10 numbers there must 10 rows
     each containing one number.Start from 4th row preferrably for neatness. (of course all must add up to the above count :P)

5) Create a folder named "Results" in the same folder as of the python script realtime through python (dont right click and maually create :P)

6) Write the generated excel file in xlsx format inside the created folder




Description and additional info/requirements:
-------------------------
1) Word in above problem is having the same meaning as our regular day to day communication
   i.e. any contiguous set of characters separated by space

2) Sentence means any contiguous set of word separated by full stop

3) Logic must be case insensitive

4) If a words runs to a different line without a space means it is the continuation


Input Restrictions:
-------------------------
1) characters in words can be anything from [a-zA-Z0-9] ex: "abDc82"  or "82" must be considered as words
2) two words will be separated by spaces
3) two sentences will be separated by full stops



Result Format:
-------------------------
A sample excel output is present in the question folder
It is not linked to any source files but just a display of how the output is expected

---------------------------------------------------